hi I'm summer Spence I'm a cosmetologist
and I am here at the wedding cottage
Hawaii I'm going to show you how to do a
flower girl hairstyle to begin I'm going
to section the hair into two sections
taking the top section out so it's out
of my way and then grabbing about a two
to three inch section and curling down
into ringlets once you have the bottom
section curled and spray it with a hair
spray it's best to use a working hair
spray and not a finishing spray while
you're styling the hair and you're going
to take the top section down and curl
just like we did the bottom so you're
going to want to start with a part down
the center and grabbing with your finger
about a 1 and a half inch subsection
there and then just twist lightly back
and you don't want to pull it too tight
and you don't want it to look too
perfect because we're going to have a
nice soft curl look when we're done and
then moving to the next section it's the
same twisting you're going to open the
bobby pin and then push it into the
twist like that and that will hold in
place and you only need to use one bobby
pin for each section you're going to
follow this pattern all the way around
the head okay once you get down to the
bottom and you're going to be pulling
the sections that you're you need to
take this top portion and clip it out of
your way you can use a comb to part this
I like to use my fingers because I want
it to look like a very soft loose messy
type of an updo take this section of the
twists that have already been pulled
back and pinned and clip that out of
your way so you can start on this side
moving along to the next section
bring down the opposite side of the head
so now that I've done both sides and I
twist it all the way back I'm going to
let that clip go in this top section
down rub the curls from the ends
of what's left out from each twist and
lightly let the curls loop around into
soft barrel curls grab what looks like a
a good curl wrap into a loose barrel
curl with the tails coming out and then
pin and you'll find that there are other
pins as you go in and you can even hook
a bobby pin into those pins that have
already secured the twists when you get
down to the bottom you can take that
last section all in one and pull up and
spray and getting these little baby
hairs into the style and I'm going to
twist it as the rest of the hair is
twisted let that hang back down and
doing the same type of a pin criss
crossing again this is a larger section
I'm putting one last pin
and then spray I'm summer Spence and I
just showed you how to do a flower girl
hairstyle